## Functionality
Our group was able to accomplish most of what we intended to for this project. Starting with the control panel on the left hand side, the Statistic of Interest functionality works well and updates all three plots (map, bar plot and line plot) according to what is selected by the user. This filter will also automatically update the graph titles and axis labels.  Features 2 and 3 in the control panel allow filters based on Region and Sub Region and updates all three plots accordingly.  The map plot will adjust to display only the region, or sub-region selected.   The bar and line chart update to include the top or bottom five countries for that region or sub-region.  Feature 4 - Income Group can also be used to further filter the data in the same manner. Feature 5 and 6 - the Population Size and Year sliders are linked and updates the line plot to only include the range of years selected by the user.  The map and bar charts update to show only the most recent year's data from the selected range. Lastly in terms of control functionality, the 7th feature (Show me), allows the user to select either the top 5 or bottom 5 countries in the bottom two plots to take a closer look at the data.

When a user first arrives at the dashboard the Region, Sub Region and Income Group filters all default to no selection, this allows the user to see the data for the whole world prior to applying their filters of interest.  The Statistic of Interest defaults to Education Ratio, the Year range defaults to 1968-2015 and the "Show me" filter defaults to Bottom 5 Countries.

All three plots have interactivity tootips which display the country as well as the value of the statistic of interest when hovering over the plots. Furthermore, zooming in on the line plot is possible and automatically updates the axis scales to accommodate the selection.

## Feedback

Based on the feedback received, we believe the app is intuitive and easy to use.  The control panel functionality feedback has been very positive, user appreciate the ability to customize their search as needed.

The only recurring piece of feedback we received was that the map plot was confusing for the user when it only showed the countries that fit the selection criteria.  The countries floating on the map were difficult to place without the seeing rest of the continent for context, this was exacerbated by the automatic zooming on the Region/ Sub Region selected.  To correct this issue, we had to create a "dummy" value for the countries that did not fit the selection criteria, we chose to use -1 as the dummy value as it did not overlap with any of the real statistic of interest values.  This is not a perfect solution, but we felt the ability to show selected countries in context with the region outweighed the downsides.  This had an additional benefit of creating a "baseline" for all the statistics of interest, so when filtering between regions the legend always starts from the same value.

We found all the feedback we received helpful as it demonstrates how a new user interacts with our dashboard.